You have failed me for the last time. — Darth Vader
PATIENCE YOU MUST HAVE my young padawan — Yoda
This technological terror is nothing compared to the power of the force — Darth Vader
Never tell me the odds! — Han Solo
Just for once, let me look on you with my own eyes. — Anakin Skywalker
I am no Jedi. — Ahsoka Tano
So this is how liberty dies. With thunderous applause. — Padmé Amidala
The Force will be with you. Always. — Obi-Wan Kenobi
An object cannot make you good or evil. The temptation of power, forbidden knowledge, even the desire to do good can lead some down that path. But only you can change yourself. — Bendu
It’s the ship that made the Kessel run in less than twelve parsecs. I’ve outrun Imperial starships. Not the local bulk cruisers, mind you. I’m talking about the big Corellian ships, now. She’s fast enough for you, old man. — Han Solo
I’ll never turn to the dark side. You’ve failed, your highness. I am a Jedi, like my father before me. — Luke Skywalker
Hope. — Leia Organa
Every time I walked away from something I wanted to forget, I told myself it was for a cause that I believed in. A cause that was worth it. Without that, we’re lost. — Cassian Andor
If you define yourself by your power to take life, your desire to dominate, to possess, then you have nothing. — Obi-Wan Kenobi
I’m one with the Force. The Force is with me. — Chirrut Îmwe
You were my brother, Anakin. I loved you. — Obi-Wan Kenobi
Power! Unlimited power! — Darth Sidious
No. I am your father. — Darth Vader
I find your lack of faith disturbing. — Darth Vader
Do. Or do not. There is no try. — Yoda
Now, young Skywalker, you will die. — Emperor Palpatine
Secrets must be exposed when found. Detours must be taken when encountered. And if you are the one who stands at the crossroads or the place of concealment, you must never leave it to another to act in your place. — Qui-Gon Jinn
We must keep our faith in the Republic. The day we stop believing democracy can work is the day we lose it. — Queen Jamillia
Powerful you have become, the dark side I sense in you. — Yoda
Remember, my dear Obi-Wan. I’ve loved you always. I always will. — Duchess Satine Kryze
I sense something. A presence I have not felt since…. — Darth Vader
The ability to speak does not make you intelligent. — Qui-Gon Jinn
Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You’re my only hope. — Leia Organa
That is why you fail. — Yoda
Your focus determines your reality. — Qui-Gon Jinn
Yes, a Jedi’s strength flows from the Force. But beware of the dark side. Anger, fear, aggression; the dark side of the Force are they. Easily they flow, quick to join you in a fight. If once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will, as it did Obi-Wan’s apprentice. — Yoda
Life does not treat you fairly or unfairly, it merely is. It is up to each of us to be fair, or unfair. — Qui-Gon Jinn
Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger; anger leads to hate; hate leads to suffering. I sense much fear in you. — Yoda
The Sith took everything from me. Ripped me from my mother’s arms, murdered my brother, used me as a weapon, and then cast me aside. Abandoned me. Once, I had power. Now, I have nothing. — Maul
Why, you stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf herder! — Leia Organa
The Sith killed each other, victims of their own greed. But from the ashes of their destruction, I was the last survivor. I chose to pass my knowledge on to only one. I created a legacy so resilient that now you come before me. — Darth Bane
Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose. — Yoda
You've been a good apprentice, Obi-Wan, and you're a much wiser man than I am. I foresee you will become a great Jedi Knight. — Qui-Gon Jinn
The garbage’ll do! — Rey
Be Careful Not To Choke On Your Convictions. — Darth Vader
Death is a natural part of life. Rejoice for those around you who transform into the Force. Mourn them do not. Miss them do not. Attachment leads to jealously. The shadow of greed, that is. — Yoda
There’s always a bigger fish. — Qui-Gon Jinn
To die for one’s people is a great sacrifice. To live for one’s people, an even greater sacrifice. I choose to live for my people. — Riyo Chuchi
I’m just a simple man trying to make my way in the universe. — Jango Fett
Well, if droids could think, there’d be none of us here, would there? — Obi-Wan Kenobi
Always pass on what you have learned. — Yoda
What if I told you that the Republic was now under the control of a Dark Lord of the Sith? — Count Dooku
When gone am I, the last of the Jedi will you be. The Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned. — Yoda
The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. — Chancellor Palpatine
Oh, my dear friend. How I’ve missed you. — C-3PO
You know, no matter how much we fought, I’ve always hated watching you leave. — Leia Organa
Jyn, I’ll be there for you. Cassian said I had to. — K-2SO
You will know (the good from the bad) when you are calm, at peace. Passive. A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack. — Yoda
In time, the suffering of your people will persuade you to see our point of view. — Nute Gunray
Chewie, we’re home. — Han Solo